NMS-13608: Fix several typos (#3695)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/webui/jmx-config-generator/webui.adoc

= Web-Based Utility

Complex  JMX  data collection configurations can be generated from a web based tool.

> It collects all available  MBean Attributes or  Composite Data Attributes  from a  JMX  enabled Java application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JMX Configuration Generator collects all available MBean Attributes or Composite Data Attributes from a JMX enabled Java application.
```

Author: Fixed.

The left sidebar shows the tree with the JMX Domain, MBeans, and composite data hierarchy retrieved from the MBean Server.
To select or deselect all attributes use *Mouse right click -> select/deselect*.

> The right panel shows the MBean Attributes with the RRD-specific mapping and lets you select or deselect specific MBean Attributes  or composite data attributes for the data collection configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The right panel shows the MBean Attributes with the RRD-specific mapping, and lets you select or deselect specific MBean Attributes or composite data attributes for the data collection configuration.
```

Author: Fixed.
